Use release plugin for releasing (#151)
spotify/fmt-maven-plugin: README.md

### Deploy

- `git checkout main && git pull`
- `mvn release:prepare` - use x.y format for release version and x.y.z for SCM tag. (You can only do this as admin of the repo)
- `mvn release:perform -P release` (make sure to use Maven settings which include credentials for the Sonatype staging repo)

> - `git fetch` - to make sure your local repo is uptodate with the commits from the releas plugin.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `git fetch` - to make sure your local repo is up to date with the commits from the release plugin.
```
